Add automated release workflow files (#137)
hazelcast/hazelcast-wm: upgrade-guides/v4.0-v5.0.md

> # How to Upgrade Hazelcast-wm Version 4.0 to Version 5.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# How to upgrade Hazelcast Web Manager (hazelcast-wm) from version 4.0 to 5.0
```

> # How to Upgrade Hazelcast-wm Version 4.0 to Version 5.0

Reviewer: Are you going to add a link to this upgrade guide to the readme?

Author: good idea let me do it

Author: 7cb0057

> This guides summarizes what you need to know if you are upgrading from Hazelcast-wm 4.0 version to 5.0 version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide describes how to upgrade Hazelcast Web Manager (hazelcast-wm) from version 4.0 to version 5.0.
```

> ## Hazelcast-wm supports Hazelcast 5.x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## hazelcast-wm supports Hazelcast 5.x
```

> Hazelcast-wm supported Hazelcast 4.x versions, whereas Hazelcast-wm supports Hazelcast 5.x. One notable change in Hazelcast 5.x 
> that can affect Hazelcast-wm usage is that Hazelcast clients have indefinite cluster connect timeout by default,
> which was previously 20 seconds. For more info on the topic, see
> [this page](https://docs.hazelcast.com/hazelcast/5.4/clients/java#configuring-client-connection-retry)

Reviewer: Which version(s) of hazelcast-wm supported Hazelcast 4.x? This first sentence doesn't make sense without clarification. e.g.

```suggestion
Previous versions of hazelcast-wm supported Hazelcast Platform 4.x versions; to use Hazelcast Platform 5. you need to upgrade your version of hazelcast-wm. 
```

```suggestion
In Hazelcast Platform 5.x, Hazelcast clients now default to indefinite cluster connect timeout where previously this timeout was 20 seconds. This is important for hazelcast-wm usage - for more info, see
[this page](https://docs.hazelcast.com/hazelcast/5.4/clients/java#configuring-client-connection-retry) or follow the guidance below to restore this setting.
```

Author: applied both with slight diff in the first suggestion, I added v4.0 explicitly

> To preserve the 20 seconds cluster timeout behaviour in Hazelcast 5.x clients, you need to add this configuration to your 
> hazelcast-client.xml config:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To preserve a 20 second cluster timeout in Hazelcast 5.x clients, add the following entry to your 
hazelcast-client.xml config:
```

```xml
<connection-strategy>
        <connection-retry>
            <cluster-connect-timeout-millis>20000</cluster-connect-timeout-millis>
        </connection-retry>
    </connection-strategy>
```

> ## Dependencies are upgraded

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Updated dependencies
```

Reviewer: Are these dependencies or supported versions?

Author: changed to Supported versions of dependencies

> Hazelcast-wm is tested with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hazelcast-wm is tested with:
```

- JSP API 2.3+
- Servlet API 4.0+ 
- Tomcat 9.0.z
- Eclipse Jetty 10.0.z
- Spring 5.3
- Spring security 5.8

> ## hazelcast:hazelcast-all does not exist anymore in 5.x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## hazelcast:hazelcast-all unavailable in 5.x
```

> Use artifact hazelcast:hazelcast instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As hazelcast:hazelcast-all is unavailable in Hazelcast Platform 5.x, use the hazelcast:hazelcast artifact instead.
```

This guides summarizes what you need to know if you are upgrading from Hazelcast-wm 4.0 version to 5.0 version.

## Hazelcast-wm supports Hazelcast 5.x

Hazelcast-wm supported Hazelcast 4.x versions, whereas Hazelcast-wm supports Hazelcast 5.x. One notable change in Hazelcast 5.x 
that can affect Hazelcast-wm usage is that Hazelcast clients have indefinite cluster connect timeout by default,
which was previously 20 seconds. For more info on the topic, see
[this page](https://docs.hazelcast.com/hazelcast/5.4/clients/java#configuring-client-connection-retry)

To preserve the 20 seconds cluster timeout behaviour in Hazelcast 5.x clients, you need to add this configuration to your 
hazelcast-client.xml config:

```xml
<connection-strategy>
        <connection-retry>
            <cluster-connect-timeout-millis>20000</cluster-connect-timeout-millis>
        </connection-retry>
    </connection-strategy>
```

## Dependencies are upgraded

Hazelcast-wm is tested with:

- JSP API 2.3+
- Servlet API 4.0+ 
- Tomcat 9.0.z
- Eclipse Jetty 10.0.z
- Spring 5.3
- Spring security 5.8

## hazelcast:hazelcast-all does not exist anymore in 5.x

> Use artifact hazelcast instead. 

Reviewer 2: I would rather say `hazelcast:hazelcast` than `hazelcast`.

Author: 8f0c14b

> ## Upgrade your Hazelcast-wm if using clients

Reviewer 2: I would change `Upgrade your Hazelcast-wm if using clients` to `Upgrade your Hazelcast-wm if using remote server`.

(due to https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-wm/pull/137/files#r1632946094)

Author: 9529ea3

> If they're using `use-client=true` and any currently released HZ 5.x then you should remove hazelcast-wm-4.0.jar from the

Author: @olukas this is from https://hazelcast.atlassian.net/browse/HZG-17?focusedCommentId=98670 but I didn't quite understand what you meant, so can you explain what you mean?

Reviewer 2: IIUC (from discussion with @frant-hartm ) `hazelcast-wm-4.0.jar` should be updated to `hazelcast-wm-5.0.jar` in all HZ distribution which don't contain it (i.e. all which were released before hazelcast-wm-5.0). 

If `use-client=true` is used then client can connect to remote HZ (independent on Spring Boot or so) and for that server `hazelcast-wm` should be updated.

Author: > If use-client=true is used then client can connect to remote HZ (independent on Spring Boot or so) and for that server hazelcast-wm should be updated.

When I think about it, I feel like what we call "server" is just a hazelcast cluster, which don't need hazelcast-wm, just a regular cluster. Am I wrong in this? So there should be no need to upgrade remote

Reviewer 2: ah, yes, you're right. I totally got lost there :) feel free to remove this part

> If they're using `use-client=true` and any currently released HZ 5.x then you should remove hazelcast-wm-4.0.jar from the

Reviewer 2: I would rewrite it to something like:

> If remote Hazelcast cluster is used (`use-client=true` is used in hazelcast-wm configuration) and it using previous `hazelcast-wm-4.0.jar` then hazelcast-wm should be updated on remote cluster (i.e. `hazelcast-wm-4.0.jar` should be removed from `lib` and `hazelcast-wm-5.0.jar` should be added)

WDYT?

Author: I did, but still didn't get fully. See https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-wm/pull/137/files#r1633002646
